hey guys here is a review of the iPhone
5 I just got it on September the 21st
2012 it's 1026 a.m. here right now
currently I just got home
Eastern Standard Time this is just the
basic review of the iPhone I'll show you
some of the features that I found that
were cool just from playing with it for
like two or three minutes it's actually
an awesome phone so um you know let's
cut to the chase let's get this show on
the road please
don't say about me for the gay gay
gay setup I know it's gay don't worry
about it well here's the front it's
pretty nice I like it
side iPhone 5 iPhone 5 pretty cool I
like the packaging it's really nice nice
and neat and nice the anyways
here's the iPhone 5 it's looking great
let me take off the screen didn't take
off the front screen yet it's pretty
nice
easy to use camera is really great the
LTE is great let me try it let's see
let's go on yahoo.com
pretty damn fast if you ask me don't
allow anyways now we can check out the
camera don't allow camera is pretty damn
fast you can take as many pictures as
you like in very small time frame I know
I have glare from the just damn
light right here it's annoying but I
can't do anything about it right now
other than that the phone is really cool
it's pretty big compared to the iPhone 4
here is my iPhone 4 not 4 s4 it's not
that much of a difference but it I
definitely do like the new iPhone 5
shape and the design of it it's really
sleek and cool yeah it's like a mirror
effect right there on the edges thanks
to the diamond and I believe crystal
sanding it's a really pretty phone and
its overall really clean and then when
we come to the packaging packaging was
done pretty nice like usual and they
have a little I guess this is a little
fold just to show you what it is then
give you any that sucks oh yes they did
okay so they give you what the damn
sticker I'll probably use them somewhere
sometime soon one most like me don't
really use them let's put that
there here's the new brick it's kind of
cooler the fact that it has these
designs you may be able to see maybe not
I don't know if you can tell but yeah
pretty cool designs on the corner right
there right there and it feels really
cool too
anyways and then here is the let's open
this
the USB you can see here it is it goes
in either way so I can make it go that
way or I can twist this it go that way
really cool new feature I think they
added and then what what really
intrigued me was the new headphones
they're really cool and just a way that
they have a package just awesome I think
the packaging for this iPhone Austin
definitely is like a 10 out of 10 the
iPhone itself I'm not trying to have
bias but I am entitled to my own opinion
now you are entitled to your own opinion
but the iPhone 5 in my opinion it's an
out of 10 overall this is just
simplicity and beauty at its best
oh my god this is so beautiful
this was totally worth waiting from 2:00
a.m. we were the second people at the
small waited since 2:00 a.m.
hmm these are pretty cool right right
left pretty sure that's how you put it
on has a little mic here and adjustable
plus/minus is pretty cool and I think
that's about it the iPhone 5 overall I
gave it a 10 out of 10 my personal
opinion you can judge it however you
want
sorry for the dirty marks but I think
it's a great phone everyone she going by
definitely going but if you don't you're
a big time